Warning klaxons and accompanying lights had been going for an hour already, and they were likely to go four more at the rate her people were seeing pushback. Ayesha Ura, head of the Bureau of Destiny and foremost of the Sidereal Exalted breathed deeply to calm herself. She took a sip of tea and forced herself to remain at her desk.

Before she could investigate the alarm's source, she had to stop it – and calm the mass panic it continued to drive. Blessedly, the Shogun-Regent of the Aerial Legion, Ghataru, had found in her an ally. Their combined opinion that the Legion would not deploy until the threat had been confirmed had quelled most of the terrified demands that Heaven take military action in Creation.

No, the alarms had to be mistaken. There was no other sign of invasion. No cracking the dome of the sky; no hordes of demons; no gods unaccounted for. Emergency comms with Gold Faction resources in the region showed that none had any idea of the panic presently gripping the Heavenly City. That was simply impossible. The spirits among them would be shaken to their bones.

Everything was fine. Another Infernal scare. Everything was under control. Everything except her own apprentice, much as usual.

On cue, the familiar knock came at her door.

"Please, come in," she said, sighing to herself one last time.

"Good evening, Sifu. Forgive me if this is a bad time."

"I was hoping to see you, my favorite student," Ayesha said, only half snidely. "Take a seat."

Trishula Murmur did not put on airs. That was the problem.

The wiry girl wore common green robes and slacks associated with more junior members of the Bureau of Secrets than she was, and a wide-brimmed mandarin's hat. Her hair was an untamed mane which bristled to her shoulders like the roots of a copper tree. In the years Ayesha had been with her, she'd grown from chubby tomboy to sharp, regal looks which would not be out of place in the Imperial Capital. But in all that time, one thing had not changed.

Trishula's sharp-faceted emerald green eyes were more intimidating than anything. They betrayed a youthful zeal which would burn anyone if she was not careful. All this time, Ayesha had tried to rein her in. Unfortunately– Unfortunately–

Trishula had "taken a seat" on the desk. Ayesha shook her head and joined her apprentice, sitting back to back.

"Do you realize what you've done, young lady?"

"Scared a bunch of useless hedonists into actually doing their jobs for once since we clearly can't immediately bail them out again?"

"And?"

"And that's it. Damn the consequences. We're not playing by the old rules anymore."

Ayesha licked her lips. Where to start? For all the work Trishula put into tearing down the genuinely good parts of Kejak's works, she was just as pigheaded as her past life.

"Trisuhla. Think for a minute. Just a minute. Think about how many people may get hurt if this panic continues."

This at least seemed to slow the girl.

"I have," she said solemnly. "You don't think I make these decisions rashly, do you? You haven't been paying attention."

"I think you've been making them without the benefit of experience."

"No, no, no. It's just not _my_ experience."

There it was. The circumstances of Trishula's admission to the Bureau of Destiny were sealed by an authority Ayesha could not identify. Two of the four who had gone with her to retrieve the girl called her a poisoned cup. But they couldn't let Kejak Chejop's next incarnation slip away. Nor could kill her and let Fate choose another.

"I don't want to hurt anyone, Sifu, but I don't think I can properly guide Creation if all the mechanisms of Heaven are _working against me_! The Celestial gods are all complicit. They don't have to change, but they can't stay here. Not if you won't accept Dad's offer."

There it was. So many of Ayesha's own long-spun plans had gone up in smoke shortly before she had agreed to mentor the girl. The Night of Fallen Stars. A trap which attempted to slay most of their kind to utterly unsettle the ancient bureaucracy which monitored and protected Creation. The last thin twine of Kejak's Destiny and a disagreement betweent the Demon Lords had spared fully half of Fate's Chosen. Doing the work of two for years was exhausting – but never so much as convincing so many teenagers that the corrupt Celestial gods had to be respected to be manipulated.

More than ever, every Sidereal life was precious. Even if that life was so clearly touched by those aforementioned Demon Lords.

Trishula showed no outer signs, but whenever her power flared to its zenith, it distorted from the purifying green of Jupiter to the scourging light of hell's Green Sun.

Ayesha looked absently at the fine machinery of her glimmering starmetal arm. Her original arm had been lost along with so many of her colleagues, by the blades of the Infernal Exalted. She could still kill Trishula and remove the question of her apprentice's corruption. It would be easy. Hiding the deed from the girl's father, less so. He was more the problem.

'_Why not?_' the young Sidereals sometimes asked when they had the courage. '_Can we really trust none among Hell's Chosen more than the worst of the gods? Why not use the power of the oathbound titans to compel the renegade gods to their original purposes?_'

Duke Murmur was… stable. He was as admirable as the Infernal Exalted might be. His great moving city nearly had First Age standards of living for the growing number of humans it sustained. Only… it was a surveillance state driven by the will of one man… driven by the will of mad titans. And not at least tempered by Gold Faction "advisors."

One didn't need to read the Loom of Fate to see that was a nonstarter.

Ayesha clapped once to close the discussion.

"The counteroffer I made Duke Murmur remains on the table. We will not revisit the discussion on the ethics of Solar mind control today. Alright? Now, if I give you a realistic response plan – a new one – will you convince your friends to stop obstructing the disabling of the alarms? We need the City calm so no one does anything drastic."

"Fine, fine," Trishula said as she dropped to the floor.

She clacked her one-toed geta on the white marble a few times for emphasis. For her impatience, she was one of the fastest in the Bureau's new generation and would vanish in a blink if not stopped.

She asked a question first, though: "Really, do you expect anything catastrophic? Who would believe the alarms weren't broken? I mean, a Yozi breaking into Creation? Even my dad doesn't believe they could pull it off."
