"Are you awake now, friend?"

I felt firm hands pushing me back on my feet. Apparently I was falling face-first on a stone walkway. A mountain of a bald monk smiled placidly and took a step back. She wore a simple blue robe, meaning she was senior enough to be trusted with comfortable clothes again.

"I watched you for near-on an hour," she said with an appropriately rumbling voice. "Were you sleepwalking over the open tundra? Oh, forgive my manners. This one is Mnemon Coria. How might I aid you?"

My head felt like it was full of sand. I blinked a couple of times and tried to remember… anything.

"I'm… Kessel," I said, because it felt right. "I came here for the giant pile driver."

Why did I want a mining tool? Where was _here_ anyway? Wasn't there someone with me...? Lu...?

"Effecting a trade of equipment? I think you would be hard-pressed to convince Mistress Jadehand to part with such a valuable tool. Say, where is the rest of your caravan? The trade would be enough of an uphill battle even if you had your side wholly in hand. Surely you don't mean to conduct business in Gethamane with only credit or a promise?"

Gethamane. "Sanctuary." The City Under the Mountain. Or at least that's what it's called now.

The information didn't flow into my mind, so much as that it came back to me and left me feeling foolish, as if I'd forgotten an acquaintance's name while speaking to them.

"No," I said, "they don't know they have it."

"A treasure hunter, then. Bold."

She showed nothing on her face. Her expression was flawlessly stony. Her voice betrayed nothing. But somehow I _knew_ she meant foolish. There was a glimmer of something darker, something more personal, but I couldn't quite catch the tail of it.

"Glad to hear the encouragement from one Chosen by the Earth Dragon."

I bowed but not too low. Just enough to be polite. But indeed, it was clear from her skin, which resembled long-weathered slate.

"May you have the strength of Pasiap in the tunnels below."

Well, I didn't need that sort of divine intervention, but I said a quick "thank you" anyway.

I took a moment to look around. We were at the end of a winding path up the face of the mountain – the north side, it seemed, from the rising sun. In the red light, I could see only a barren tundra below and between the mountains. Where had I come from, with only the clothes on my back? That particular memory didn't seem forthcoming, so I looked back.

Beyond the monk – Coria – was the North Gate to the city. It seemed to glow faintly blue in the light from the pure Northern blue jade alloyed with the steel. There was elaborate filigree in shining orichalc. The sunmetal was growing energetic with the touch of dawn. A pleasant aesthetic, but it did nothing for the gate's security that several hundred pounds of enchanted steel didn't already. The paired doors were about four Corias high and half as wide. The sort of thing which would intimidate a mortal.

Whoa! Mortal? That was a strange thought, wasn't it? Well, if I wasn't a mortal and wasn't Chosen of the Dragons, then what? Why did I know things about magical materials? I looked at my pale, uncalloused hands and couldn't really envision myself as a smith.

Come to think of it, I was pretty lightly dressed, wasn't I? How was I not cold? While not exactly luxurious, my robes were certainly more fashionable than practical. The sleeves didn't even cover my whole arms. And yet I didn't seem frostbitten in the slightest.

I looked back at the monk. She didn't suspect I was "Anathema," did she?

"Say, why are you outside anyway? I know the city isn't the warmest to the Immaculate Order..."

"I have spent my allowed month already. I failed in my persuasions of Mistress Jadehand to allow Immaculate shrines, and no clan saw fit to adopt me. I remain here in meditation, in the hope that my sincerity and dedication to the ways of Pasiap and Mela will inspire similar piety."

"Forgive me for saying, but I expect even the finest exemplar of the Dragons' blood will die of exposure before another year has passed and they allow you inside."

"That may be so," she said politely, "but maybe you underestimate the hardships for which Pasiap's teachings prepare us.  I would like to share some of the Immaculate Philosophy with you, if you have the time. Now – or when you have concluded your month within." She smiled faintly before adding, "Assuming I yet still endure."

I felt something stir, a burning in my chest. My next breath felt heavy in my lungs. I wanted this just-so-slightly smug monk to work for _me_. A monk normally abandons their House name. If she was willing to abandon the name of House Mnemon at last to be adopted into Gethamane, then what else would she be willing to abandon? Could her devotion be turned to other divinity?

But now was not the time. I had to enter the city myself, and she could not follow me inside. I had to find the… pile... driver… Why?

Yet something else prickled. The tunnels below – the Underways – were filled with all manner of monster. For some reason, I could almost smell them. They were too dangerous for me now. I was not yet strong enough to delve deeply. If I could turn the monk and then smuggle her into the city, then I would have an excellent bodyguard.

"Well," I said, "my business may take me out of the city a few times before my stay expires, so hopefully we will speak before you have departed – in one way or another."

"Strength of the Dragons in your tunnel-delving, friend Kessel."

"And likewise in your meditation, Honored Coria."

"So you _do_ know a little of the Philosophy. Enough to recognize rank," she said, chuckling, as I walked away. "I look forward to our conversation."

As I approached the towering gate, I heard a voice pass from it. It was a man of middle age, tired but confident in his authority. His voice was as clear as if he were next to me, though I couldn't see any opening in the gate. A First Age intercom, no doubt.

"Stop. State your name and business in the City."

"Kessel. Treasure hunting."

"Do you have any associations with the Guild?"

"None."

Something told me that was only technically true.

"Declare any weapons. You will be searched before entering the City."

Well, I didn't have anything on my back or hip. I didn't think I had any hidden pockets. There was _something_ stashed in my waist sash. What was this – a frying pan?

"One war fan. That is all."

I heard someone stifle a laugh. It was distant, as if from across a room.

"Are you a user of enlightened essence, including but not limited to: thaumaturge, martial artist, Dragon-Blooded, Anathema, god, elemental, or ancestor spirit?"

"I am."

"Do you swear on your heart that you are not, will not be, and have never been one of the Wyld creatures commonly known as raksha?"

"I swear."

"The entry fee is one silver dinar or equivalent labor, to be determined after you have been registered. How will you be paying?"

Well, labor sounded like a pointless diversion. Did I have any money in my sash? I found a coin which felt correct. It looked excessively well-made. Not just stamped but carved. The edges were perfectly even and milled to indicate it hadn't been shaved. There was some sort of temple on the back. The face on the front was – wait, was that _me_? Was I important enough to have my own coins?

"I'll pay in coin," I said, focusing again.

"As a treasure hunter, you will be allowed access to the Underways when the Guard deems such access to be safe. Your coming and going will be monitored and at the Guard's discretion. Neither the Guard nor the City will be responsible for anything which occurs in the Underways. Upon returning from the Underways, your finds will be inspected, and half will be taken as property of the City as price for the privilege of prospecting. Do you understand the terms of treasure hunting?"

"I understand."

"Foreigners are only allowed in the city for one month in each fifteen-month calendar year. Your coming and going will be strictly monitored. You will pay the fee each time you enter. Permanent residency is only granted to members of existing clans. Do you understand the terms of your visit to the City?"

Ah, there was the adoption thing. Well, I would be "adopted," all right. Wait, what did I mean by that?

"I understand."

"The gate is opening. Proceed to the checkpoint."

The great doors swung open just wide enough for me to enter. The passage beyond was of equal size. The walls were just the dark gray stone of the mountain, but elaborate reliefs of supernatural battles were carved along the whole length. For some reason, they gave me a bad feeling. Violet crystals dotted the ceiling, emitting featureless white light. They hummed faintly in a way I knew would be annoying after five minutes.

Most concerning of course was that I could feel already the depths of madness hidden beneath the mountain. The gates had kept it inside, but even so far removed from the mountain's black heart, I could feel it. Not the monsters but the great dead thing which preyed upon them. I shook it from my mind. A matter for later.

It was a good little walk to the end of the tunnel, where it opened into a large chamber. A pair of guards stood ahead of a portcullis. The portcullis was adamant infused with orichalc to frost it and obscure the view of the city beyond. Certainly an intersting choice. Oh, right, the guards. The wore lamellar armor and carried greataxes. I guess. I'd have expected spears for tunnel-fighting, but I supposed mere mortals needed more heft for fighting armored monsters.

Wait, there was the "mortals" thing again. Whatever sort of super-being I was, dismissing a potential axe to the face didn't seem like a very healthy state of mind. I shook out of my thoughts as the guards approached.

"Place your weapon on the floor and remove your outer clothing. Stand with your arms outstretched."

I did so silently. One guard searched my belongings while the other frisked me for hidden weapons. I swallowed my tongue. The indignity would pass.

They ordered me to get dressed and then to pay the fee. The guard who took the coin looked at it for a moment and then back to me. An eyebrow quirked.

"Everything is in order. Enjoy your stay in Gethamane, 'Your Highness.' We _strongly_ recommend you find lodging in the Guild District. Is there anything else you might need before you enter? The word of the Guard travels far for the _discerning_ visitor."

I glanced from one guard to the other. Neither looked like they were demanding anything. They rested their weapons easily and waited for me to respond.

"I'd be interested in setting up a shrine."

Would I?

"Who would I need to speak with about that?"

I handed each of the guards two dinar. They weighed them for the briefest moment, then tucked them away with practiced ease.

"No official registration necessary for a temporary shrine in the Guild District, but it never hurts to self-report. We'll pass word of your intentions and come to inspect your shrine once it's built. Remember your time limit. We'll make you tear it down on your last day if you don't have a replacement attendant by then. Is there anything else?"

"No, I think that will do it. I look forward to your visit. Maybe you'll be my first converts."

The guards grinned and looked at each other.

"We're not much for religion here. You might earn a few if you work the Hospice or your essence powers are good for something more than a lightshow. Best of luck to you. All clear! Open the portcullis!"

The adamant grid raised to reveal a second, identical one, and the guard motioned me onward. I stood between the gates. The inner one didn't begin raising until the second was fully down. But that was it. I was in. Arguably the most defensible city in Creation, and I was in.

OHOHOHOHO~

Well, that was weird.

