I didn't have a clear view of the city like I might one of equal size. Though the cavern ceiling was generously-carved for airflow, any more would be wasted space. As most of the buildings were carved of natural stone and on the same level, they were effectively a labyrinth.

A signpost indicated that ahead lay the Guild District. This sign in particular was in Skytongue, Riverspeak, and High Realm. Signs marking tunnels leading elsewhere were only in local Gethamanese. It was clear they didn't want foreigners going elsewhere. As if they were so civilized when they didn't even speak Old Realm.

Wait, there it was again. Why did I have a smug, opinionated voice in the back of my head? I waited to hear it again, but nothing came.

Moving into the district, the first buildings I encountered were those recommended accommodations. The buildings faded into the walls and floor, save where they were repaired or altered. The worse-off ones were held together with bits of scavenged junk from the outside world – fallen branches and leftover scraps of leather. Traditionally-upscale buildings often had decorated wooden panels or mostly-unrusted iron. The Guild's own buildings made use of regular wooden extensions, no doubt imported at great cost.

Here and there, individual guards patrolled the narrow streets. The only truly open spaces were clearly for carts. Street-sweepers were collecting the last of the dung before more pack animals passed through. Gethamane was unusually quiet for a city of its size. Little wonder when every sound I did hear seemed to echo forever in the back of the cavern.

I did not take the advice I was given and instead continued deeper into the city. The next ring of buildings seemed to be mostly warehouses. As dawn had already come, it was only the more tardy merchants who were retrieving their wares – whether to set up in the markets for the day or to leave the city. Onward I went.

As I began to leave the warehouses behind, the quietude gave way to a relative clamor and smells of smokes. Before too long, I entered a central cavern marked as the Metal Market.

I'd hardly made it through the archway before a merchant was calling out, "You seem the discerning adventurous type! Come, I've the finest steel. Forged by an Anathema King himself! Pride of his own personal guard!"

Judging by the size and quality of materials used in this stall, it was another Guild venture. I would probably need better weapons and actual armor before descending to the Underways. The Guild would be reliable, if overpriced.

No. On second thought, I didn't need anything. Just a visceral symbol of my authority. I instinctively drew my war fan to look at it.

Now that I looked at it, this wasn't really much of a war fan. The flat of it was not quite heart-shaped. Its silver surface was bright enough that I could use it as a mirror. I firmly pressed on it to see if it would bend under pressure and then checked the edge. It felt sturdier than I expected, but it didn't have an edge. Rather, a number of brass rings perforated the sides. They clanked sometimes and would have made cutting impossible anyway.

Yeah, I definitely needed weapons and armor.

No.

Yes!

What sort of stupid instinct was I arguing with anyway? How long had I been standing there and making the merchant feel awkward?

Well, that was the merchant's problem, wasn't it?

You see, that's when I began to think there was something seriously wrong with me. No memories? Sure, fine. Obscure objective in life? Yeah, most people deal with that. But arguing with myself over whether I needed a weapon when going to fight monsters was a little too much.

Of course, I didn't get much time to think on it. Some woman had approached me, a look of lingering fear in her wide, unblinking eyes. Her smile twitched in desperation. She reached for me but wouldn't touch me. I met her gaze and felt that twine of mental connection like I had with Coria. Only this time, I caught the end of the thread.

I held my fan aloft and extended my other hand to her. I spoke with a voice which was mine but much older.

"Heaven has heard your pleas, Tribbua. By Divine Law, I will drive out the last son of the Mountain. I will cast my rod to the darkness below, that the depths should overflow with justice."

I immediately realized I'd made a display of myself. The hawking of wares and the hammering of iron had stopped. All eyes were on us, spellbound. There was something magic in the symbol of the raised fan. That other voice inside me continued in spite of my desire to loudly announce I was practicing for a drama.

"Tribbua of the Outward Breath, little god of Gethamane, go to your temple and your priests. Tell them to prepare a place for me. Call your siblings and proclaim to them the good news of my coming."

Guards were gathering but hadn't made a move yet. They looked to me, then to the woman, then back again. At last, she touched my outstretched hand. She genuflected, then vanished. Returning to her temple, I knew somehow.

No one moved for several seconds. One guard coughed. The spell broken, another stepped forward but then turned to the bystanders.

"Alright, that's enough! Attend your own matters!"

A third approached as I tucked the fan back into my sash.

"Right. No offense your magicalness, but we've got no way of knowing whether that was actually a city god or just some Anathema illusion. We're going to have to take you in for questioning. And for disturbing the peace."

I groaned deeply. That "magic" part of myself resented this but also didn't feel like inventing a way of avoiding it. Didn't _feel like_. I, personally, could do something about it. I just needed to give that feeling a little bit more headspace.

Well, that sank the conclusion, didn't it. The voice in my head was some sort of spiritual parasite. Maybe I had a cursed fan. Would it be bad if I let the guards confiscate it?

Before I could say anything, drums began to beat in the distance. All the guards turned without hesitation.

"Ah, hell's breath," the one in front said. "Look, we might be able to sort this out easier if you use your 'justice' to help right now."

"Sure. After you-"

"I wasn't born yesterday. Get where I can see you if you're going."

I nodded and followed after the other guards. So much for avoiding manual labor.